docs/displaying-ads-hook.mdx, before:

# Hooks

The AdMob package provides hooks to help you to display ads in a functional component with tiny code. The supported ad formats are full-screen ads: App open, Interstitial, Rewarded, and Rewarded Interstitial.

## Load an ad

You can create a new ad by adding a corresponding ad type's hook to your component.

The first argument of the hook is the "Ad Unit ID".
For testing, we can use a Test ID, however for production the ID from the
Google AdMob dashboard under "Ad units" should be used:

```tsx {4-8}
import { useInterstitialAd, TestIds } from 'react-native-google-mobile-ads';

export default function App() {
  const interstitialAd = useInterstitialAd(TestIds.Interstitial, {
    requestNonPersonalizedAdsOnly: true,
  });

  return <View>{/* ... */}</View>;
}
```

> The `adUnitid` parameter can also be used to manage creation and destruction of an ad instance.
> If `adUnitid` is set or changed, new ad instance will be created and previous ad instance will be destroyed if exists.
> If `adUnitid` is set to `null`, no ad instance will be created and previous ad instance will be destroyed if exists.

The second argument is an additional optional request options object to be sent whilst loading an advert, such as keywords & location.
Setting additional request options helps AdMob choose better tailored ads from the network. View the [`RequestOptions`](/reference/admob/requestoptions)
documentation to view the full range of options available.

## Show the ad

The hook returns several states and functions to control ad.

```tsx
import { useInterstitialAd, TestIds } from 'react-native-google-mobile-ads';

export default function App({ navigation }) {
  const { isLoaded, isClosed, load, show } = useInterstitialAd(TestIds.Interstitial, {
    requestNonPersonalizedAdsOnly: true,
  });

  useEffect(() => {
    // Start loading the interstitial straight away
    load();
  }, [load]);

  useEffect(() => {
    if (isClosed) {
      // Action after the ad is closed
      navigation.navigate('NextScreen');
    }
  }, [isClosed, navigation]);

  return (
    <View>
      <Button
        title="Navigate to next screen"
        onPress={() => {
          if (isLoaded) {
            show();
          } else {
            // No advert ready to show yet
            navigation.navigate('NextScreen');
          }
        }}
      />
    </View>
  );
}
```

The code above immediately starts to load a new advert from the network (via `load()`).
When user presses button, it checks if the ad is loaded via `isLoaded` value,
then the `show` function is called and the advert is shown over-the-top of your application.
Otherwise, if the ad is not loaded, the `navigation.navigate` method is called to navigate to the next screen without showing the ad.
After the ad is closed, the `isClosed` value is set to `true` and the `navigation.navigate` method is called to navigate to the next screen.

If needed, you can reuse the existing hook to load more adverts and show them when required. The states are initialized when the `load` function is called.

Return values of the hook are:

| Name           | Type                               | Description                                                                                                        |
| :------------- | :--------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| isLoaded       | boolean                            | Whether the ad is loaded and ready to to be shown to the user.                                                     |
| isOpened       | boolean                            | Whether the ad is opened. The value is remained `true` even after the ad is closed unless **new ad is requested**. |
| isClosed       | boolean                            | Whether your ad is dismissed.                                                                                      |
| isShowing      | boolean                            | Whether your ad is showing. The value is equal with `isOpened && !isClosed`.                                       |
| error          | Error \| undefined                 | `Error` object throwed during ad load.                                                                             |
| reward         | [RewardedAdReward](#) \| undefined | Loaded reward item of the Rewarded Ad. Available only in RewardedAd.                                               |
| isEarnedReward | boolean                            | Whether the user earned the reward by Rewarded Ad.                                                                 |
| load           | Function                           | Start loading the advert with the provided RequestOptions.                                                         |
| show           | Function                           | Show the loaded advert to the user.                                                                                |

> Note that `isOpened` value remains `true` even after the ad is closed.
> The value changes to `false` when ad is initialized via calling `load()`.
> To determine whether the ad is currently showing, use `isShowing` value.

Commit message:

feat(hooks)!: automatically set isLoaded to false (#199)
* feat(hooks)!: automatically set isLoaded to false

When ad was opened, automatically set `isLoaded` to false because `show` cannot be called.

BREAKING CHANGE: `isLoaded` becomes false after a fullscreen ad was shown.

docs/displaying-ads-hook.mdx, after:

# Hooks

The AdMob package provides hooks to help you to display ads in a functional component with tiny code. The supported ad formats are full-screen ads: App open, Interstitial, Rewarded, and Rewarded Interstitial.

## Load an ad

You can create a new ad by adding a corresponding ad type's hook to your component.

The first argument of the hook is the "Ad Unit ID".
For testing, we can use a Test ID, however for production the ID from the
Google AdMob dashboard under "Ad units" should be used:

```tsx {4-8}
import { useInterstitialAd, TestIds } from 'react-native-google-mobile-ads';

export default function App() {
  const interstitialAd = useInterstitialAd(TestIds.Interstitial, {
    requestNonPersonalizedAdsOnly: true,
  });

  return <View>{/* ... */}</View>;
}
```

> The `adUnitid` parameter can also be used to manage creation and destruction of an ad instance.
> If `adUnitid` is set or changed, new ad instance will be created and previous ad instance will be destroyed if exists.
> If `adUnitid` is set to `null`, no ad instance will be created and previous ad instance will be destroyed if exists.

The second argument is an additional optional request options object to be sent whilst loading an advert, such as keywords & location.
Setting additional request options helps AdMob choose better tailored ads from the network. View the [`RequestOptions`](/reference/admob/requestoptions)
documentation to view the full range of options available.

## Show the ad

The hook returns several states and functions to control ad.

```tsx
import { useInterstitialAd, TestIds } from 'react-native-google-mobile-ads';

export default function App({ navigation }) {
  const { isLoaded, isClosed, load, show } = useInterstitialAd(TestIds.Interstitial, {
    requestNonPersonalizedAdsOnly: true,
  });

  useEffect(() => {
    // Start loading the interstitial straight away
    load();
  }, [load]);

  useEffect(() => {
    if (isClosed) {
      // Action after the ad is closed
      navigation.navigate('NextScreen');
    }
  }, [isClosed, navigation]);

  return (
    <View>
      <Button
        title="Navigate to next screen"
        onPress={() => {
          if (isLoaded) {
            show();
          } else {
            // No advert ready to show yet
            navigation.navigate('NextScreen');
          }
        }}
      />
    </View>
  );
}
```

The code above immediately starts to load a new advert from the network (via `load()`).
When user presses button, it checks if the ad is loaded via `isLoaded` value,
then the `show` function is called and the advert is shown over-the-top of your application.
Otherwise, if the ad is not loaded, the `navigation.navigate` method is called to navigate to the next screen without showing the ad.
After the ad is closed, the `isClosed` value is set to `true` and the `navigation.navigate` method is called to navigate to the next screen.

If needed, you can reuse the existing hook to load more adverts and show them when required. The states are initialized when the `load` function is called.

Return values of the hook are:

| Name           | Type                               | Description                                                                                                        |
| :------------- | :--------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| isLoaded       | boolean                            | Whether the ad is loaded and ready to to be shown to the user. Automatically set to false when the ad was shown.   |
| isOpened       | boolean                            | Whether the ad is opened. The value is remained `true` even after the ad is closed unless **new ad is requested**. |
| isClosed       | boolean                            | Whether your ad is dismissed.                                                                                      |
| isShowing      | boolean                            | Whether your ad is showing. The value is equal with `isOpened && !isClosed`.                                       |
| error          | Error \| undefined                 | `Error` object throwed during ad load.                                                                             |
| reward         | [RewardedAdReward](#) \| undefined | Loaded reward item of the Rewarded Ad. Available only in RewardedAd.                                               |
| isEarnedReward | boolean                            | Whether the user earned the reward by Rewarded Ad.                                                                 |
| load           | Function                           | Start loading the advert with the provided RequestOptions.                                                         |
| show           | Function                           | Show the loaded advert to the user.                                                                                |

> Note that `isOpened` value remains `true` even after the ad is closed.
> The value changes to `false` when ad is initialized via calling `load()`.
> To determine whether the ad is currently showing, use `isShowing` value.
